content/posts/my-first-aws-examination/index.md, before:

---
title: "My first AWS examination"
description:
date: 2022-12-10
draft: false
slug: my-first-aws-examination
tags:
  - AWS
  - Certification
---

# I passed the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner examination 🎉

One objective I have set this year was to pass the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner examination and I managed to pass it just in time! 😤

I already had 2 years of experience of using AWS services (especially those that are often used for building web applications such as EC2, Security groups, ECS, Fargate, RDS, S3) so it was not a very difficult examination for me.

To be honest, I could have skipped this one to pass the Solutions Architect Associate but I prefered to go slowly but surely 🐢 and gain confidence in my abilities. I won't say I didn't learn anything new though. I learned about many other services like AWS Organizations for centralizing the billing of multiple AWS accounts, AWS Snow family for helping migrate data from on-premises data center to the cloud and many other. You are not required to have very deep knowledge of the AWS services but you will need to learn about a lot of them.

I studied approximately 1 month using the acloudguru.com website and I can say it covered everything I needed to know in order to pass the examination without issues. They also have several mock examinations in order for you to test your knowledge. I will definitely use it again for my next examination (AWS Solutions Architect Associate) in March 2023 💪

I also chose to take the examination remotely from my place instead of going to the test center. It was a very smooth experience and I would recommend it to anyone to take it from home as long as yoou have a stable internet connection.

*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Solutions Architect Associate examination in February 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Developer Associate examination in March 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS SysOps Administrator Associate examination in April 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Solutions Architect Professional examination in August 2023! 🎉

My badges can be found on my GitHub profile: https://github.com/tonystrawberry.

Commit message:

:sparkles: add description for my-first-aws-examination

content/posts/my-first-aws-examination/index.md, after:

---
title: "My first AWS examination"
description: "A short report about my experience of passing the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner examination"
date: 2022-12-10
draft: false
slug: my-first-aws-examination
tags:
  - AWS
  - Certification
---

# I passed the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner examination 🎉

One objective I have set this year was to pass the AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner examination and I managed to pass it just in time! 😤

I already had 2 years of experience of using AWS services (especially those that are often used for building web applications such as EC2, Security groups, ECS, Fargate, RDS, S3) so it was not a very difficult examination for me.

To be honest, I could have skipped this one to pass the Solutions Architect Associate but I prefered to go slowly but surely 🐢 and gain confidence in my abilities. I won't say I didn't learn anything new though. I learned about many other services like AWS Organizations for centralizing the billing of multiple AWS accounts, AWS Snow family for helping migrate data from on-premises data center to the cloud and many other. You are not required to have very deep knowledge of the AWS services but you will need to learn about a lot of them.

I studied approximately 1 month using the acloudguru.com website and I can say it covered everything I needed to know in order to pass the examination without issues. They also have several mock examinations in order for you to test your knowledge. I will definitely use it again for my next examination (AWS Solutions Architect Associate) in March 2023 💪

I also chose to take the examination remotely from my place instead of going to the test center. It was a very smooth experience and I would recommend it to anyone to take it from home as long as yoou have a stable internet connection.

*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Solutions Architect Associate examination in February 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Developer Associate examination in March 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS SysOps Administrator Associate examination in April 2023! 🎉
*UPDATE*: I passed the AWS Solutions Architect Professional examination in August 2023! 🎉

My badges can be found on my GitHub profile: https://github.com/tonystrawberry.
